docs: fix description of treemanager api (#1135)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/utils/tree-manager.md

Reviewer: * unexpected readonly in current-page navigation menu
![image](https://github.com/Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui/assets/117723407/9d510431-f1ec-446e-96a8-3eae2cee1f81)

Author: Fixed to put readonly to next section next to heading as we discussed yesterday.

<!-- 
title: Tree Manager
location: ./custom-components/utils/tree-manager
type: page
layout: default
language_tabs: [javascript, typescript]
-->

# Tree Manager

Tree Manager is a simplified version of [Collection Composer](/custom-components/utils/data-management#collection-composer) providing an ability to manage nested items in [Tree](/elements/tree)/[Tree Select](/elements/tree-select) component with APIs for reading and updating item properties.

@> Tree Manager supports type generic defining the type of its items. In this document, this generic type is noted as `T`.

```javascript
// Select the first item in Tree.
const tree = document.querySelector('ef-tree');
const data = [ 

>   { label: 'one', value: '1'}, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  { label: 'one', value: '1' }, 
```

Author: Fixed

  { label: 'two', value: '2', icon: 'info' }

> ];

Reviewer 2: The trailing spaces of each line of code make a bad DX when a developer copy and ESLint show warning message

Author: Fixed.

tree.manager.checkItem(data[0]);
console.log(tree.values); // Expected output: ['1']
```

```typescript
import type { Tree } from '@refinitiv-ui/elements/tree';

// Select the first item in Tree.
const tree = document.querySelector<Tree>('ef-tree')!;
tree.data = [
  { label: 'one', value: '1' },
  { label: 'two', value: '2', icon: 'info' }
];
console.log(tree.values); // Expected output: []

tree.manager.checkItem(data[0]);
console.log(tree.values); // Expected output: ['1']
```

> Alternatively, [Tree Node](/custom-components/utils/tree-node) is the suggested way to work with Tree Manager. Most of the time, getTreeNodes(), getTreeNode() and TreeNode are all you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, [Tree Node](/custom-components/utils/tree-node) is the suggested way to manage items in Tree Manager. Along with `getTreeNodes()` and `getTreeNode()`, they are all your need for most use cases.
```

```javascript
// Select the first item in Tree by using Tree Node
const firstItem = tree.manager.getTreeNode(data[0])
firstItem.selected = true
```

> @> Tree Manager supports type generic defining the type of its items. In this document, this generic type is noted as `T`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@> Tree Manager supports type generic defining the type of its items. In this document, this generic type is denoted as `T`.
```

<!-- 

> title: TreeManager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Tree Manager
```

location: ./custom-components/utils/tree-manager
type: page
layout: default
-->

> # TreeManager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Tree Manager
```

> Tree Manager is a simplified version of Collection Composer class that provide an ability to manage the nested items in [Tree](/elements/tree)/[Tree Select](/elements/tree-select) component. The class has an API for reading and updating data to access item properties. This works in conjunction with [Tree Node](/custom-components/utils/tree-node). 

Reviewer: Shall we also mention the following? 
> Most of the time, getTreeNodes(), getTreeNode() and TreeNode are all you need. The remaining APIs are either used internally or maintained for backward compatibility.

Author: Updated.

> Tree Manager is a simplified version of Collection Composer class that provide an ability to manage the nested items in [Tree](/elements/tree)/[Tree Select](/elements/tree-select) component. The class has an API for reading and updating data to access item properties. This works in conjunction with [Tree Node](/custom-components/utils/tree-node). 

Reviewer: Let's describe about type param/generic support so our readers would understand why some APIs return `T[]`.

Author: Updated.

::

> ```javascript

Reviewer: I'm not sure that the live example is needed here...

Author: Updated.

<!-- 
title: Tree Manager
location: ./custom-components/utils/tree-manager
type: page
layout: default
language_tabs: [javascript, typescript]
-->

# Tree Manager

> Tree Manager is a simplified version of Collection Composer class that provide an ability to manage the nested items in [Tree](/elements/tree)/[Tree Select](/elements/tree-select) component. The class has an API for reading and updating data to access item properties. This works in conjunction with [Tree Node](/custom-components/utils/tree-node). Most of the time, getTreeNodes(), getTreeNode() and TreeNode are all you need.

Reviewer: Let's add link to Collection Composer page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tree Manager is a simplified version of Collection Composer providing an ability to manage nested items in [Tree](/elements/tree)/[Tree Select](/elements/tree-select) component with APIs for reading and updating item properties. It works in conjunction with [Tree Node](/custom-components/utils/tree-node). Most of the time, getTreeNodes(), getTreeNode() and TreeNode are all you need.
```

> Tree manager supports for generic type which allow users to define the type of item. In this document, the generic type is noted as `T`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@> Tree Manager supports type generic defining the type of its items. In this document, this generic type is noted as `T`.
```

> ```javascript

Reviewer: With these [Tree Node code examples](https://github.com/Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui/pull/1145/files), I don't think we need another one here. Besides, this example uses `checkedItems()` while we just mentioned earlier that treeNode related APIs are all you need...

Author: Removed.
